An unhinibited girl on a mountain trip

Author: noye

*000*2025-09-22 09:36

I'd like to tell you about a mountain hike long time ago that came back to mind, which offered some interesting insights that have impressed me. I apologize for my English, I'm not a native speaker.

I had just started my first job, and a colleague a few years older than me invited me on a two-day mountain trip, with an overnight stay in a refuge, along with him, his cousin, his cousin's boyfriend, and a friend of theirs.

I drove to the starting point and set off with them all; my colleague's cousin was a pretty girl with long black hair, around 20, a slender and athletic build, and was wearing long hiking pants. Shortly after we left, my colleague said he had ”to do a little business" (I don't remember the exact words) and headed towards a large boulder to get away. But I was immediately struck by the girl's reaction, who said out loud, "Where are you going? Are you shy?" Those words were intriguing to me, especially since I was still in a phase where I was super shy about these things, much more than I am now, and if she'd said that to me, I would have been incredibly embarrassed; however, even her cousin seemed a little surprised and didn't reply anything.

In the evening, we ate a frugal meal in the little shelter, and I had the idea of offering some dried plums I'd brought. The girl immediately said, smiling, "No, no, for goodness sake!" Everyone laughed, but I didn't know why. Then they explained to me that on a previous trip she'd had a bout of dysentery, and so plums weren't the best food; they evoked a bad memory. They didn't elaborate, but I like to imagine her rushing to find shelter, or she might even have wet herself, given the humor with which they talked about it.

Anyway, the next day we went on a very long walk; I don't remember how many hours, but it was basically the whole day from early morning. At one point, as we passed by the ruins of some abandoned barracks, the girl broke away from the group and said out loud, with no embarrassment at all, "I'm going to stop here for peeing." We waited a little further on, and as the wait was getting long, her boyfriend jokingly said, "What a long pee! I think there's something else."

To conclude the experience, further ahead, when we were almost at the parking lot, we stopped for a moment. We were standing on a lawn, and their friend said, "I have to pee," then remained still for a moment, almost as if waiting for a reaction; the girl replied nonchalantly, "Well? Turn over and pee." Again, I was impressed by the girl's ease with the topic of peeing; in general, I wasn't used to hearing girls talk like that.

As for me, I must have had to pee more than once during that time, but I don't remember how or where I did it. I must have taken advantage of some unnoticed moment, knowing how shy I was to say it or be seen. However, I do remember that at the refuge I went to the bathroom before going to bed, but the bathroom was outside, and I had to walk past the young couple who ran the refuge (she was also quite nice), who were outside at the time, perhaps relaxing. They said hello and we even exchanged a few words, but I remember clearly how embarrassed I felt because I thought they would know I was going to pee. Yet I really had to go, because I was worried that if I didn't pee before bed, I might have to get up and go out during the night for an urgent pee, possibly waking everyone up since it was a shared dormitory, which would have made me even more embarrassed.

I certainly was (and still am a little) really weird! Let me know your impressions (including critical ones) and tell me if you've had similar experiences.

