The 5 layer wetting outfit

Author: Nonobadpony

*000*2025-10-15 20:28

I met Cathy years ago when she was working as a flight attendant. Her airline uniform was an omo dream outfit. The Airline required her to wear support panty hose and a girdle. She chose to wear cotton panties under the girdle. The uniform included a body shirt the snapped in the crouch. Then she added a modesty layer, which was red petit pants that matched her knee length skirt .

We never discussed omo topics, but as we began dating I quickly discovered that she avoided public restrooms. When I took her home she would always rush inside to pee. When we began living together I discover that when she came home from a flight her panties occasionally were pee stained. I was in love. In those days I never told her that I had an Omo fetish and she never talked about holding. That unspoken forbidden knowledge was mind blowing.

When my schedule allowed it, I took her to work and picked her up when she flew home; often when she arrived at her home base she had been holding all day. She might have used the airplane restroom, but on a full flight she’d be busy and she would have had to remove, unsnap and peel off all five layers of underwear - and besides that she was a strong holder. Strong but not invincible. I knew that when she got in the car, if she said let’s get home, I have to pee, that really meant that she had already leaked. She never ever just gave up and wet, but sometime her leaks were pretty substantial. The wonderful thing about her outfit was that the layers mostly retained fluids so that her panties could be quite wet but the outer layers escaped. If she was so wet that she was in danger of tranfering a wet spot to her skirt, she sit in the jump seat for landing with her rain coat on her lap; then put the rain coat on to cover her skirt.

After a few year together we became comfortable talking about my attraction for her wet pants. For her part , she will never admit that she ever had a fetish, she merely did not like public restrooms. I don’t believe her, but why argue. She tells me about her leaks, accidents and quirks. I know that holding makes her feel sexy and that when she feels sexy she holds longer - a virtuous cycle. We are still together, our kids are grown and gone. If she wants my attention she floods her pants - It’s been a good life.

