Unexpected hold today

Author: NewToOmo

*000*2025-10-21 23:31

Hi everyone

Wanted to recount an experience I had today, completely unexpected. I had to run some errands with my friend, it took a few hours and we got a few drinks with our lunch. I dropped her off at home and went about my remaining errands for the next few hours. I didn’t feel the need to pee at all. The last place I went to I felt like I needed to pee really bad as soon as I got out of the car, with no warning. I searched the store for a bathroom but unfortunately there was only one bathroom which was occupied already. I stood there for 10 mins waiting for someone to come out, my bladder feeling fuller by the minute. No one came out so I gave up and went about my errand. I went back to the washroom after I was done shopping and it was STILL occupied.

Reluctantly I decided to not wait any longer and head home instead. The drive was pure torture as my bladder felt like it was going to explode, my pee hole pulsing every time I take a breath.

Ffinally got home and came upstairs to the bathroom where I’m currently typing this from. I still haven’t let myself pee. I have however felt quite a few drops leaking out.

I want to pee sooo badly but I feel so horny that I want to just hold it in for longer. If only I didn’t live with my family I could’ve continued holding and see if I can have a real accident while doing some other task.

I love the feeling of holding my pee especially when I’m sitting on the toilet.

Not that exciting but I thought I’d share since I was aroused! Maybe someone else might relate to this and feel the same way I did

*004*2025-10-22 02:27

{{2 hours ago, Tree Trimmer said:

Are you still holding on?

If so, you're doing a great job. Have you leaked into your panties?

}}

{{2 hours ago, Labzu said:

Evening, have to admit I didn’t expect you to still be holding, so how was the relief in the end?

}}

Only ended up being able to wait a few minutes cause I got called down for dinner unfortunately. Had to just pee and go :/

