Full bladder at my boyfriends house

Author: NewToOmo

*000*2025-11-02 06:31

Hey everyone,

Last night I was at my boyfriends house and his friend was over as well and we were all drinking for Halloween. Long story short, I took 8 shots of vodka and 3 shots of Maribor plus a redbul and a couple sips of water. Anyways we all continue hanging out and chilling while listening to music. We had all also smoked w33d prior to drinking so I was definitely feeling the effects of both the drinks and the joint.

We started and finished drinking from 9-10pm and continued hanging out until 1:30 by this point. I had to pee from probably 11pm onward but we were all playing monopoly so I didn’t want to leave the room and yall know how long monopoly games can last.

After playing we all sat on the couches. My boyfriend’s friend was busy playing some game on his phone and me and my boyfriend were on the couch across from him. So we were all visible to eachother but since he was busy he wouldn’t be seeing anything happening on our couch if that makes sense.

My boyfriend was sitting, and I was leaning back onto the arm rest of the couch so that I was semi laying down, my feet in his lap. He started rubbing my stomach (I love when he does this) and slowly moved his hand down to my panties. He would have his index-pinky fingers on my pubic bone and his thumb was rubbing my underwear area. Keep in mind we are fully clothed so this was all happening on top of my pants.

I'm not sure if he realized this but his fingers slightly pressed on my bladder and every time he moved his hand the pressure difference would feel really good. I was getting very turned on. My bladder was really full and he was doing this to me. It felt amazing.

His friend left at some point and I honestly couldn’t wait anymore so I had to go and pee. But I wish I could’ve held it longer in hopes that he’d continue with the hand movements 😂

I wish he’d do that more often. Whenever he’s rubbing my stomach or giving me a massage and his hand grazes over my lower belly or pelvic area I get so turned on.

