Peeing Pants in woods

Author: Nycep

*000*2026-01-09 07:28

This is my first story time ever writing or even telling anyone about this. When I was in high school I hung out with this group of girls a lot. This story starts with me and the three of the girls I would always hangout with on a hike . We smoked a little bit on the hike and then were just hanging out by the water. I was talking to one of the girls and for some reason peeing pants came up and somehow we started joking about getting diapers and peeing in them. Once we got back from the hike the other two girls left and it was just the two of us...

She made a suggestion about getting diapers at the grocery store and before I knew it we were driving to the store. This is when the story gets good. Because we as two adults walk up and buy these adult diapers in the store. I was so embarrassed but also so turned on with the possibilities and my heart was beating out of my chest. We got to the car and started driving back to the woods near my house. At this point I was fully hard but also still completely unsure about what was gonna happen. It was so weird we kept just joking about peeing diapers and this point all we had to do was put them on...

So that's what she did. We were sitting in the car and she just started taking her pants and panties off. She was naked putting on the diaper. I even was helping her put the diaper on. I probably had never been more turned on in my life. She had me follow suit. Now we were just two friends wearing diapers walking into the woods. I had to pee so bad it was bursting out of me but I held it. Scared to be the first and scared to actually do it. Still confused but excited that my fetish was actually happening in real life. But she wasn't scared. I don't know if she was also turned on by it or if she just thought it was a crazy enough thing to do but she said "record me" and so I pulled out my phone and I started videoing. This was the greatest moment of my life. I had a hot girl peeing a diaper in front of me while I was wearing a diaper and I was recording it. So hot! My heart was beating a mile a minute. 

I still remember her saying "I'm pissing now, I'm actually peeing myself... No it's dripping down my legs". I was so turned on watching her pee fill her diaper and I can confirm some drip down her legs. "stop" she finally said as the drops stoped. I could hear her soaked diaper slosh as she moved a little bit. It mostly held up but I could tell she was damp. Now looking at me she decided it was my turn. I looked at her in her pee filled diaper thinking this is a magical moment and I let go. I was so hard but I had to pee so bad. My cock was jamming against the side of the diaper bagging for freedom and I let it flow. I don't know how she didn't see my dick bulging out of my diaper. I peed so much but my diaper caught it all. I could feel the piss soaking up and drizzling around until a small puddle seemed to be forming inside the diaper. It felt so good and liberating. Also so hot! After I was finished we just laughed...

We had finished the joke. Or whatever it was. Then we did take a bunch of photos in our wet diapers before proceeding to cuddle laying in our piss filled diapers till we eventually got up and went home. I drove home with a wet diaper and a huge smile on my face! Also a full bag of diapers which I had never had before! Whenever I come across the video of her peeing herself I get instantly transported back to that moment. Flash forward We never did hook up. Though there was a couple opportunities for that to happen for me down the road I don't think it was ever gonna happen that night. She did offer to piss on me once about a year later. It's been a few years now but I still always think about her and that night. I still think about if she was into it the way I was? If so should I message her and try and recreate that night? Still now I'm unsure

