Had my first genuine bedwetting accident

Author: NSNS

*000*2026-02-09 14:17

Tl;dr – Wet the bed for the first time in my life due to new medication, had some close calls hiding it from my non-fetish gf, she may have found out anyway.

I’ve had a bedwetting fetish for a long time but I’ve never actually wet the bed. In fact, I have an amazing bladder – I can hold for hours at a time. So while I like seeing other people have accidents, it’s never been something I’ve experienced myself.

Well, I never thought I’d be someone to write one of those “first genuine accident” posts, but here we go. (Tbh a lot of the time I’ve thought they’re made up, but I’m realising now that I’m probably wrong about that lol).

For context, I live with my girlfriend and she doesn’t know about my fetish.

–

I recently started taking the antidepressant sertaline. As some of you may know, one of the side effects is bedwetting. But contrary to what I’ve seen some people say on fetish sites, it’s actually extremely rare – the label says there’s not enough data to estimate how many people might experience it. When I saw that side effect listed, I actually had the quick thought of maybe using that as an excuse if I ever wanted to fake bedwetting, but I quickly dismissed that for obvious moral reasons.

Well, this morning it made me wet the bed by accident.

I can’t remember what exactly was happening in my dream, but I remember holding the tip of my penis in real life and feeling the wetness spreading. I woke up suddenly and had a typical few moments of confusion, feeling like it was impossible that I could have just peed in my sleep. So I checked the bedsheets with my hand – but no, there was a full-on wet patch there! I could feel the wetness on my pyjamas getting cold, and my hand was pretty damp from where I’d been clutching my trousers. Despite my daze and my initial embarrassment, I knew I’d want a picture for later, so I quickly snapped the one below.

So it’s slowly dawning on me that I’ve wet the bed for the first time in my life. Obviously, being in this community for a long time, I’m not panicking as much as many people would. But I really don’t want my gf to see and I know I need to act quickly. So I get out of bed – realising that my pyjamas are wetter than I thought they were – and hobble to the bathroom. Only to discover that my girlfriend is already in there! So I quickly dash back to bed (still in my wet pyjamas) and dive under the covers.

I wait patiently under the covers for her to get out so I can quickly dash to the bathroom. But she does something unexpected – as soon as she gets out she comes straight to the bed and clambers under the covers with me and starts to chat.

I’m playing it cool to try and not give anything away, but I’m now in this insane situation where I’m lying in a patch of my own pee and feeling the wetness of my pyjamas (which is now pretty cold) while my girlfriend is lying next to me having a casual conversation. I awkwardly twist my body so my crotch is facing away from her, hoping that she’ll leave soon so I can deal with the accident. I don’t know if she suspects anything, but I’m sure she’s also wondering why the hell I’m up so early because I NEVER wake up unprompted before 8am.

Eventually she leaves the room. I check the wet patch again, pull the duvet over it, then run to the bathroom and quickly strip off. This is where I took the other picture below – that wet patch was WAY bigger than I thought it was. I’m surprised I didn’t get the sheets more wet, to be honest. I think the fact that I was holding my penis at the time may have helped? I have no idea. Nonetheless, my skin was pretty wet. So I jumped in the shower and stayed there for a while. I then very quickly throw my wet pyjamas in the washing basket, at the bottom of the pile, and go back to the bedroom.

But there’s another hitch – I now discover that my girlfriend has pulled back the duvet (as she does most mornings), and my wet patch is now completely visible. She hasn’t said anything, and isn’t in the room, but I panic a bit at this. It’s possible that she didn’t even see it when she casually pulled back the duvet; it’s possible that she did see it and just assumed it was sweat or something. At this point I have no idea, but this is the first moment that I’m genuinely embarrassed. To cover up the patch, I just put my kindle over it – which in hindsight looked obvious and ridiculous, but it was the only thing I could think to do at that moment, since I thought pulling the duvet back over would make it more obvious I had something to hide.

I’ve now spent the rest of the day wondering if she figured it out. Luckily, the patch dried pretty quickly – but she did open the windows after a little while and I wonder if she was trying to air the room out. (She has a much better sense of smell than I do). She’s not the kind of person who would bring it up if she thought it would embarrass me, though.

I’ve also had to wait to put the washing on because we already have a load in there. The sheets have dried, but I’m not sure whether to change them or not. It was a small patch and has already disappeared, and I can’t smell anything there anymore – plus it would look extremely suspicious if I changed the sheets so soon after they were last changed. I’m waiting for my gf to leave the house so I can look at the mattress and see if there’s any damage there I need to clean up.

–

So that’s my first ever bedwetting accident. As you can imagine, I’m feeling a very strange mix of intense embarrassment and excitement right now, as well as feeling generally a bit grossed out. Will it happen again? I don’t WANT it to – I don’t want to burden my gf with that. But I’m also certainly not going to stop taking sertaline, which has been something of a miracle drug for me. I had the odd thought earlier that diapers may be in my future, which would be another fetish fulfilled but also something I don’t actually want to happen when it comes down to it.

What did I learn from the perspective of someone who’s fantasised about bedwetting a lot but has never actually done it? First – a little pee can make a big wet patch. Second, I was expecting a full-on pee dream but really I woke up without much warning to find myself already wet. It’s also interesting that I was grabbing myself – my body seemed to know what was happening even if my mind didn’t. Also, it happened at about 7.50am – about 30 mins before I’d usually wake up – even though I might have assumed it would happen in the middle of the night. I can see how this would absolutely humiliate someone who doesn’t have the fetish – I’ve just been sat here all day thinking “I can’t believe I’m a grown adult who peed in bed next to his girlfriend” and feeling grossed out and worried about whether it will continue.

Out of curiosity I also searched possible diapers to buy in case it happens again – and let me tell you, it’s a lot harder to find useful products when you’re not doing it for fetish reasons and just want something that’s A) cheap, B) discreet and C) will actually protect you at night…

As a final sting in the tale, I have to report this to my doctor later today as a side effect of switching medication. No idea how that will go, but I’ll keep you all updated!

&&

&&

*002*2026-02-09 17:28

I spoke to the doctor and she was quite dismissive of it! She didn't even realise it was a sertraline side effect, so just told me to keep an eye on it and check for UTIs if it happened again 🤷‍♂️

*004*2026-02-10 09:25

Welp, it didn't happen again last night. I didn't drink any water before bed (which made me feel like a child lol), and I kept waking up halfway through the night convinced I was about to have an accident - but I was dry.

I think I went into panic mode a bit yesterday, assuming the worst case scenario where I'd be stuck with this side effect for months. I'm definitely glad that's not the case - although I suppose I only have a sample size of two nights so far!

It's just so random to go through your entire life never wetting the bed then doing it once when you're a full-grown adult for seemingly no reason. I'm still a little worried it'll happen again if I let my guard down, but I guess we'll have to wait and see.

*005*2026-02-16 13:15

Well it happened again last night...

The middle of the night this time. The dream was a little weirder -- I felt like I wanted to pee but couldn't, and then I deliberate pushed it out. I woke up very quickly after that -- made a much smaller mess this time. Had to stumble to the bathroom then change myself in the dark, then lie back down in it to avoid suspicion.

But my gf found out this time anyway. I immediately knew she knew because she asked me to get out of bed so she could change the sheets. I apologised a little later and she was very understanding. But it's pretty humiliating seeing the bedsheets you peed on hanging up to dry in your apartment all day as a reminder...

I was much less excited this time, and mostly just frustrated and embarrassed. Definitely a "be careful what you wish for" moment!

*007*2026-02-16 18:49

Yeah she knows about the medication, which I think helps with her understanding, but doesn't make it any less embarrassing for me. In fact it makes me worry a little more since I know it might happen next to her again

*011*2026-02-17 18:39

{{3 hours ago, PattyWets said:

Are you getting restful sleep, or are your worries about wetting ruining the quality of your sleep?

}}

Sleep has definitely been less restful; last night I kept waking up convinced I was about to wet, and I'm shattered today. Again, I don't think I'd be so stressed about it if I didn't know having an accident would also disturb my gf.

I can see now why people wear diapers even when they don't wet every night - completely removing the chance of getting the sheets wet would certainly give me more peace of mind.

*013*2026-02-17 22:23

{{2 hours ago, PattyWets said:

I suggest diapers. I started sleeping so much better since I started wearing.

}}

That'll be the plan if it happens much more.

*015*2026-04-16 16:41

It happened again!

I didn't even really register it was happening this time; it was like I just woke up and I was wet. I panicked a little and basically just decided to sleep in it and hope it dried by the morning so my GF didn't notice. The wet patch was about the size of my hand, so it was manageable. I drifted back and forth from sleep and by the time my alarm went off I could barely feel any wetness at all. My GF seems none the wiser.

Why did I hide it from her even though she was really supportive last time? Shame, mostly. I've been massively embarassed by the whole thing in a way I never expected. I always thought it would be fun to be a bedwetter, but now I am one it actually mostly sucks. Lying in my own pee feeling it getting cold all night definitely felt like a low point. It does still turn me on in many ways, but that just adds to the cycle of shame really.

I'll probably talk to my doctor about it now that it's happened a few times. I considered diapers again, but it's so infrequent that it seems like a waste to wear them, and I'm not even sure they'll work because mostly I've been peeing upwards, so to speak, so that it's the top of my pyjama pants that's getting wet.

*019*2026-04-23 07:37

{{On 4/18/2026 at 7:48 AM, Clivetheman said:

Obviously I feel awful that this is happening out of your control.

...However you are in fact living my dream 😪

}}

Haha, it was my dream too! It's just that the reality is different from what I expected

